.\" Copyright 1995 NEC Corporation, Tokyo, Japan.
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software
.\" and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without
.\" fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies
.\" and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
.\" appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of NEC
.\" Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
.\" distribution of the software without specific, written prior
.\" permission.  NEC Corporation makes no representations about the
.\" suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided
.\" "as is" without express or implied warranty.
.\"
.\" NEC CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
.\" INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN 
.\" NO EVENT SHALL NEC CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF 
.\" USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR 
.\" OTHER TORTUOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR 
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 
.\"
.\" $Id: chmoddic.man,v 3.2 1995/10/09 07:49:30 kuma Exp $
.TH "chmoddic" "1" "Japanese Facility Utilities" 
.SH "NAME
\f4chmoddic\f1 \- change access rights for a directory
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
.ft 4
chmoddic [{(-cs | - cannaserver} \f2canna-server\f4] {+ | -}{r|w|rw|wr} 
[-G] \f2dicname\f4
.ft 1
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Add and/or remove READ/WRITE rights for the dictionary \f2dicname\f1.  The access rights for the dictionary cannot be changed if it is being used.
.SH "OPTION"
.IP "\f4-cs \f2cannaserver\f1 (or \f4-cannaserver \f2canna-server\f1)" 10n
Specify the server machine which has a dictionary to be changed.
.IP "\f4-\f1" 10n
Remove the following access rights.
.IP "\f4+\f1" 10n
Add the following access rights.
.IP "\f4r\f1" 10n
Change READ rights.  w can be specified at the same time.
.IP "\f4w\f1" 10n
Change WRITE rights.  r can be specified at the same time.
.IP "\f4-G\f1" 10n
Change the access rights for the user's own group dictionary.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
.IP "\f4chmoddic -r +w test\f1" 10n
Remove READ rights from and add WRITE rights for user dictionary test.
.IP "\f4chmoddic +wr -G test\f1" 10n
Add READ/WRITE rights to group dictionary test.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.na
\f4lsdic\f1(1),
\f4mkdic\f1(1)
.ad
