.\" $Id: canuum.man,v 1.1 2002/12/21 22:44:56 aida_s Exp $
.nr X 0
.if \nX=0 .ds X} canuum 1 "Japanese input utility" "\&"
.TH \*(X}
.SH "NAME"
canuum \- Japanese input frontend processor on TTY
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B "canuum [\fI\-JUSjushHxXkcrDnl\fP]"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
English manual is not complete now. See Japanese one.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.ft CW
.nf
/*
 * FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
 * This file is part of FreeWnn.
 * 
 * Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
 *                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
 * Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
 * Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
 * Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000, 2002
 *
 * Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
 *
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
 * (at your option) any later version.
 *
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU General Public License for more details.
 *
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
 * Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
 */

/* Copyright 1993 NEC Corporation, Tokyo, Japan.
 *
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without
 * fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies
 * and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
 * appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of NEC
 * Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
 * distribution of the software without specific, written prior
 * permission.  NEC Corporation makes no representations about the
 * suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as
 * is" without express or implied warranty.
 *
 * NEC CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
 * INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN 
 * NO EVENT SHALL NEC CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF 
 * USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR 
 * OTHER TORTUOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR 
 * PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 
 */
.fi
