.\" This manpage is copyright (C) 2001 ISHIKAWA Mutsumi <ishikawa@linux.or.jp>.
.\"
.\" This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation, version 2.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
.\" ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License with
.\" your Debian GNU/Linux system, in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL, or
.\" with the dpkg source package as the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.TH update-canna-dics_dir 8 "25 August 2001" "Debian GNU/Linux"
.SH NAME
update-canna-dics_dir \- compile dics.dir file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B update-canna-dics_dir
assembles a
.I dics.dir
file in the Canna dictionary using one or more alias files found in a
subdirectory of
.IR /etc/X11/fonts/ .
It is typically invoked only from the post-installation and post-removal
scripts of a
.I  package
containing fonts (that provide aliases for their names) for the X Window
System, but may be invoked at any time to reconstruct
.I fonts.alias
files.  For each
.IR directory ,
which is either an absolute path to an X font directory or (preferably)
simply the last component of its path (such as "75dpi" or "misc"),
.B update-canna-dics_dir
will assemble
.IR /usr/lib/X11/fonts/ directory /fonts.alias
from the files found in
.IR /etc/X11/fonts/ directory / package .alias .
.PP
This enables multiple packages to provide aliases for fonts in the same
directory.  No font package actually provides the
.I fonts.alias
file in the X font directory itself, so there is no danger of overwriting
one package's aliases with those of another.
.PP
For instance, the two packages "xfonts-base" and "xfonts-cjk" may both
install fonts into the directory
.IR /usr/lib/X11/fonts/misc .
They each place their
.I fonts.alias
files in
.I /etc/X11/fonts/misc/xfonts-base.alias
and
.I /etc/X11/fonts/misc/xfonts-cjk.alias
(respectively).
.B update-canna-dics_dir
concatenates these two files (as well as any others that match
.IR /etc/X11/fonts/misc/*.alias )
into
.IR /usr/lib/X11/fonts/misc/fonts.alias .
.PP
The format for
.I fonts.alias
files is given in the
.BR mkfontdir (1)
manual page.
.PP
An example of how to use
.B update-canna-dics_dir
in package maintainer scripts is provided in the Debian Policy Manual.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mkfontdir (1)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.B update-canna-dics_dir
exits with status 1 if its arguments are absent or invalid.
.SH BUGS
See <http://bugs.debian.org/canna>.  If you wish to
report a bug in
.BR update-canna-dics_dir ,
please see
.IR /usr/share/doc/debian/bug-reporting.txt ,
the
.BR bug (1)
command, or the
.BR reportbug (1)
command.
.SH AUTHOR
.B update-canna-dics_dir
is written and copyrighted by ISHIKAWA Mutsumi.  It is licensed under the
GNU GPL, version 2.
